Hey everyone, I'm Alan. I'm Brit. And we are here for episode 75 of AB testing. Quite possibly
the first and only ADHD free podcast we've ever done. When we started recording five
minutes ago, I said we had technical difficulties and indeed we did because we are starting over.
It was only five minutes ago we started and we said that. We are starting a little late,
might be a little on the short side today. And right now people are cheering going, oh
thank God I don't need to sit through an hour of this crap. AB testing is your podcast for
information about software testing, software quality, much more of a software quality podcast,
agile testing and what we call modern testing and lots of listener input to give us ideas
to focus because we need ideas to focus, right, Brit? No, it's part of the charm of the podcast.
I will say that as well, right, Alan corrected himself. I think that we are not necessarily
while testing is a part of it. I think we're far more a podcast of on quality than around
testing. But we spent a lot of time talking about better ways to deliver quality, including
those places where testing is not it. Absolutely. Yep. Quick little pitter patter here, chatter,
pitter patter chatter. I was in Montreal right after we, right before we recorded our last
podcast. I mentioned that and in between I went to Heathrow, didn't make it all the way to London,
maybe to dinner for some moderately okay meals, but hung out at an airport and Heathrow for two
days with my peers and my manager. And one of the three were there. Marcus is a Marcus is a peer of
mine hanging out with us talking about teams and strategy and people and stuff and very good
discussions. So good. In fact, we decided we need to do it twice a year and we're getting together
again in six months in Reykjavik, Iceland, because we try to pick places that everyone can have a
direct flight. Yeah, I'm a little jealous of your travel schedule. Like I was just telling a story
last night to one of my PM's that except for the Bahamas, I have never been out of North America.
Wow. Yeah. And it is part of the time. I mean, there's been many opportunities for me to go do
business trips, but I at times I am too clever for my own self-interest. So I figured out ways
where we can solve the problem. I'd prefer to solve the problem, including the trip, but I've
now come up with a way where I don't have to do that. I'm like, damn it. You are too clever.
Stop fixing this problem. I think there's a problem with data piped through Hawaii. I need
to go debug. That's not really leaving North America. I guess it. No, I mean, I don't know.
It's not leaving the States. Technically, leaving the North America.
What continent is Hawaii considered part of? It's an island. Good trivia question.
I know that. Okay. I just call it an island. So one way you can not travel is to give webinars
from the comfort of your own home with or without pants. And I'm going to be giving two
of those coming up in Feb. Next Tuesday, I'm giving one for AST on the use and abusive
test automation. Then I go skiing for a week, and then I come back and give a webinar, webinar
slash panel discussion on the feature of test automation. If it's not officially announced
yet, but as soon as it is, I'll put a plug out there on Twitter and the A-B testing
site and go from there. And what is the future?
A lot of what we talk about in modern technology.
All right. So I'm guessing no surprises for me on this one.
Surprises for you. So why don't we just ...
What's the contradictory future? I'm wondering about that.
Is it really contradictory? I think it's what we've talked about with moving to modern testing.
I keep on visualizing the diffusion of innovation curve, and I see modern testing is out towards
the end, maybe not all the way on the end. I think there's still a lot of the world
with people in that big part of the curve with separate teams doing test automation.
And for them, the future is an embedded tester who does all the testing for the team as part of an
agile team. On that topic, I should look this up, but when does the survey close?
The survey is closed, I believe. The state of testing survey ended last week.
Okay. Good. I'm looking forward to the results on that one and seeing if I can help determine
what I'm really interested in, and maybe that will be an important source of data for that.
I'm really interested in trying to observe how close to the tipping point the world is on this topic.
I would love to get some data-driven insight around that. I can see anecdotally, and
I've mentioned this before. It's worth mentioning again. I am getting to a spot in my
idea generation, and typically that comes out in talks I give. But I love it that when I start
talking about modern testing or aspects of modern testing or where I want to go,
I see head nods. Yeah, I could see that happening, or I'm doing that, I'm living that,
and then looks of horror from others. And I love being in that pocket because it feels
like it's the right place to push things forward.
Test Bash is coming up soon for you.
Test Bash is in March. I'm sure I'll mention that again, but I'm excited about that,
where I will talk about the adventures in modern testing.
I'm wondering if there's a heuristic here where you can just start recording after you do a
conference on this topic. You start recording so that the rough percentage of head nods versus
shocks looking you get from the audience, obviously you got to do your presentations,
so you got to do this fast.
I should work something in. I don't like presentations that go,
how many of you agree with this? How many of you don't? So I have to kind of gauge it,
but I will give you a ratio where I see of head nods versus looks of horror from the crowd.
I will try and figure that out.
I presented last Friday internally, and yeah, so I guess this is not going to be an ADHD-free
podcast today.
Never is.
Even though we're limited in time.
Not with Brent.
I, on the other hand, am laser focused.
I got to say, so like a robot, all of us sort of have this, uh, a laser focused robot.
Go on, Brent.
Yeah, now I'm pulling up episode 60s metaphor with the squirrel on the bus with the hat and
the elephant thing.
So did a presentation on a very similar one to the one I did for Unity.
I had to generalize the context.
This time it was a lot more around,
Hey, we're, we're a data team just starting up.
You know, what have you learned in terms of how to create a data driven culture?
They had invited other talks to there.
And I know you admit to this.
I think it's a human condition, but a lot of the time that I go through when I do these
presentations is just pushing down and rejecting and ignoring
everything.
My gut is saying, uh, around imposter syndrome.
Like, Oh my God, there are actual people here who just did another presentation.
They know what they're talking about.
And then, and then it, uh, but this last presentation, it got me.
It got me.
I like, I was like, wait a minute.
No, I've actually done everything I'm saying in here.
I started losing confidence in there.
Just the worst freaking presentation.
I have done in recent past.
Bummer.
Yeah.
So the good thing for me is like to 30 people is that I literally know nothing.
I am the pure imposter, but I also believe in the fake it till you make it, uh, statement.
So that's, that is really how I do things.
I look at stuff and there's a man tangent exception.
I was having a conversation with someone recently about how
LinkedIn skills are bizarre.
Like I'm endorsed for things I've never done before.
Oh, it's like, Oh wow.
I wonder if I should be an expert in that, but I'm just, I hate it.
All right.
I'm going to rewind and get us onto the topic of the day, which is what Alan?
Which is, which is a mailbag question.
It's a what?
I think I did mention that I've retired, uh, due to a pending lawsuit from Nickelodeon
over use of the blues clues, mailbag theme.
And my, am I, am I miss desire to sing the mailbag song anymore?
What?
I am, I am, I am done.
I have moved on from the mail.
If someone wants to send in a great sound bite thing, I'll use it, but I'm not singing
mailbag anymore.
Oh, we're not doing a damn mailbag.
I've just ruined the 75.
I mean, that's fantastic.
I mean, it's, this clearly signals the beginning of the end of the podcast.
For a new step in maturity.
Yeah.
So we're quickly moving into now we're going to be news anchors sort of reporting out and reading
scripts.
Oh my God.
I totally, I totally disagree and I don't understand why I wasn't called in.
Okay.
On this.
We'll, we'll take a vote from the three.
Maybe I don't know what to do here today.
I'm not singing it.
I'm making a stand and I will, I'm, I'm happy to experiment.
This is an experiment.
They pro Nickelodeon stand.
I am going to do an AB test.
Wait, are they, are they a hidden sponsor that you haven't told me about?
They're not.
I am doing an AB test in two different as an experiment and for the AB testing audience.
There's no mailbag song today.
I can't believe you spent three minutes talking about this.
This is important and I'm positive the three will echo my opinion.
I'm positive the three will say that this segment is just as valuable without
a little reverb up mailbag things stolen directly from blues clues.
So Tony Gutierrez asks,
there's been a lot of talk on the podcast about starting a community for testers and
testers not having to report to a tester for a manager.
The issue I see is lots of stuff will go dissect here.
The issue I see at my current job is that many of the testers do not see the need
for a community or aren't engaged and seem to want to be spoon fed.
Any tips on how to get the testers more engaged or starting a community from scratch.
And in rereading this question, I realize that we don't have enough time to cover
everything.
All the nuance in here.
There's a lot of nuance in here and so what I want to do, you take point.
I'll follow you.
What I want to do is I want to talk about community a little bit and then I'm going
to go back because there's more to Tony's question than just community.
So the part I thought I thought I thought I got to take point, but go ahead.
No, you did.
I'll just add in here the part of this that I have experienced and I have just found a challenge
is sort of the phrase you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them drink.
There's getting getting testers engaged is the hard problem.
And I would say in a nutshell, I have not found a great solution for driving.
And I have not found a better solution for driving engagement from I'll call the
resistant than creating a logical argument that constructs fear.
Great.
So let's put a pin in that because that's the part I wanted to come back to after we
talked about community.
Done.
I want to talk about community first.
Go ahead.
This commune.
God, why do we do this?
So we have talked in the podcast about community and early on in my it's interesting when I give
this talk on adventures in modern testing and this is tangent deception because I'm going back.
I talk about the last projects I've worked on and what I've learned from them.
And there was a time that largely overlap with my time in Xbox.
It kind of began before that where actually it began way back in engineering excellence
where I began to leverage community across Microsoft for my own growth.
I again, I fake it till I make it.
I didn't know much, but I knew people who knew a lot and the community became across
the company became very important for my growth.
So in that I ended up at one point like the orange one in the US owning the house,
the Senate and the executive branch.
I was the chair of the Microsoft test leadership team.
I ran Microsoft test architect group senior individual contributors and I also ran our
cross company quality and testing experts community run out of our TC or technical
community network organization.
So I had all kinds of community and they overlap and I figured out how they how they
fed each other and I put a lot not a lot all three of those things you were.
Yeah, you were my wow you I see a way you left the role.
I mean, that's a clear sign of technical errors on your part.
Yeah, what else?
But so that was that was value for my career.
But then when I was on Xbox, I learned the value of mostly in hindsight,
the value of community of different kinds of communities.
And one was, as I've mentioned before, and I like this example, I ran.
I was asked to run a tools organization in Xbox.
I said, I don't want to run a tools org for lots of reasons.
Why mainly focused around Microsoft's competitive stack ranking and how tools
teams often were left out of those things.
I didn't want to be part of that, but I did run our Xbox tools
like an open source project.
Two of us contributing the most one contributing much more than me, but
looping in as many as 20 or 30 different people around the org to contribute tools
that we used org wise many of many of those tools still being used today.
It's exciting to hear and then also starting to build a community of I had no one reporting to me,
but I sort of ran the community of the test organization for my manager.
So we had in Xbox the typical of a separate functional test organization.
And my manager's job was to run the run the business of that group and attend meetings and
all the things that typical test director does.
And I ran the community pretty much.
I made sure people were connected.
I sent out newsletters.
I made sure they made sure people were connected.
People who needed it had mentors, spun up sub communities as needed.
And it made me realize again in hindsight that a functional test organization that the typical
test organization is kind of a community, but it can be a community.
So when I came to Unity, I as my test team, my team were all embedded
everywhere across the org around the world.
I will actually just interrupt you and say there is a lot of value in the communities
period.
I can go on examples.
I have a great one just yesterday.
I don't think there's anything special about test.
No, that test gains a benefit from form of the community.
And I hope I did not imply that.
Okay.
I think as the three know, I am a huge fan of Philip Armour's orders of ignorance.
Yep.
And without recapping those, I think communities are a wonderful method to discover what you don't
know.
You don't know.
They facilitate learning and discovery.
Yep.
And I'm really happy about that.
As I got to Unity and discovered that what I really did was a community leader, I started
thinking more about it.
And then for some reasons, probably thinking about what the overlap was between Agile testing
and modern testing, I reread the Crispin Gregory book on Agile testing.
And I came across this paragraph.
There are reasons for having a QA manager and an independent test team.
However, we suggest changing the reasons as well as the structure.
Rather than keeping the testers separate as an independent team to test the application
after coding, which we hate, which we hate with my part.
Think about the team as a community of testers.
Provide a learning organization.
I'm going, yes, I could have written this line.
Provide a learning organization to help your testers with career development and a place
to share ideas and help each other.
If the QA manager becomes a practice leader in the organization, that person will be able
to teach the skills that testers need to become stronger and better able to cope with
the ever changing environment, which very much describes what I do to an extent.
But I think there's more than just being the practice leader.
I take other skills of community and try and get people to
connect and share ideas with each other.
We do a weekly newsletter.
My job, I feel like a big part of my job is to help everyone on my team.
Discover what they don't know, they don't know, and make it become something they know
and share those practices with each other.
So I got off track a little bit talking about my history of community, but there's a maturity there.
A community, I don't want to call this a maturity model because I haven't thought it through yet,
but I think a community starts with, like right now, I am needed to keep it going.
If I left, the community would maybe continue.
We're a little, sometimes if a leader leaves a community, the community just stops.
And I've seen that happen with all those communities.
Some end it for other reasons.
Have I shared with you the metaphor around the difference between the spider and the starfish?
Yes, I'm very much aware of the spider and the starfish.
There's a book, I think, called The Spider and the Starfish.
And if you have, there is.
Which I've read.
And it's fantastic, and it's relevant.
It is.
Do you want to expand on it so I can stop talking for a minute?
The spider and the starfish?
It's worth it.
Sure.
I think we may have talked about it before.
I know I've blogged about it before.
We have new listeners.
Yeah, that's a good point.
We can dive in.
This is worthwhile and relevant to the conversation.
Is this the year?
Yeah, there's a strategy.
When we say we've talked about it before, it was earlier in the same episode,
then we're in trouble.
Yeah, no, there's a strategy.
I once talked with James Whittaker on this, and I'm like,
I don't know how pissed he'll be for me sharing this.
But essentially, one of his later test books, I'm like,
dude, except for the certain way you skin this content,
this is exactly the same book as the one you wrote five years ago.
And he looked at me, he smiled, he was like,
the problems haven't changed.
You scam artist.
Anyway.
Spider and the Starfish, Brent.
Oh, sorry.
Please recap.
Yep.
Spider and Starfish.
Think of it as a metaphor.
Primarily, the difference between a spider and a starfish,
if you kind of squint your eyes and look at a third-year-old's drawing,
is a spider has a head.
Starfish doesn't.
Fun fact, the current science on starfish is that they actually believe
that each leg of a starfish has its own brain.
And that's actually for things like how the starfish moves.
One leg convinces the other legs to move this way.
So when you have the sense that you know that the community will die once you leave,
I mean, it's a clear spider.
It's a great book, Spider and Starfish.
I usually go into a longer metaphor.
We don't have time for today on this.
But I will say, in my time in Xbox, I created a community model
that leveraged the principles of spider and starfish.
And after about three months of me as the head of the spider encouraging it to go,
I got it to self-sustain.
The reason why it died?
A reorg.
So, one, and I'll recap that.
I think you can think of the spider as the leader-led organization
and the starfish as the leaderless organization.
More of an independent.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, in the subtitle of the book, they call it, I just double-checked.
It's like the starfish and the spider, blah, blah, blah, leaderless organization.
It is absolutely not leaderless.
But yeah, I get that.
Yeah.
So, it's managerless.
Community.
I think the problem with a leader, a spider, or a leader-led,
a spider, or a leader-led, a functional test organization,
if the leader leaves, it's gone, right?
Like I said with the reorg.
That's it.
I lost my train of thought there for a second, but a leader-filled,
a spider can never be self-sustaining.
A spider organization.
It can't self-sustain.
It can't keep going on its own.
No.
It needs the head.
Anyway, so Unity, everybody everywhere,
community, I think some parts of my organization are either self-sustaining now or could be.
Some are not even close, and that's okay.
I think I still feel like a large part of my goal is to get there.
So, now I want to, so that's sort of lost track here with Brant's hyperactive leg.
Now, it stopped.
Good.
I thought it was like a dog.
Something is tail on the floor.
I am actively not fidgeting with the microphone.
If you would just get your crap together, where did my notes go?
I want to go back to Tony's question, and then maybe in the last 15, 20 minutes we have here
at the most, I want to go through his point sentence by sentence and talk a little bit more
about those.
And I think some of this stuff is going to have to bleed over to another episode.
Ping us with your questions on Twitter or in the Slack group, because I do want to dive into a lot.
I think this is an important discussion.
Take a pause, and without reading Tony's thing, what do you think is the primary theme that he's
trying to look for a solution?
Is it community building?
No, it's not.
I wanted to start with that.
I think Tony has a disengaged test team, or he's talking about one, who are not, they don't
have the growth and hunger and seeking that you and I look for in people we want in these
organizations.
I think my hunch is he's talking about how do you take people who really aren't into this,
they just want to do their thing, and make them people who want to engage in a community.
There's a lot of jumps here, because I feel like Tony could be over analyzing or Tony
could be over dramatizing, but what do you do with people who just aren't right for the job?
I don't even know if that's part of the problem, but we can, I agree.
And maybe that could be a little bit too deep there, but I'll put it a different way.
One of the things I look for, people I hire and people I want to grow and promote or keep
in my organization, is a hunger to learn.
People who want to learn new things and are interested and think that it's important for
their own growth and self-sustainment, they actively seek out things like communities in
order to learn, and when they don't, when they shun the community, when they think they
can figure it out by themselves versus leverage others to get their work done, then I think
they have growth problems or other issues that I want to nip in the bud.
You know what? I'm going to invent a poll for you. What is more important? You solving
the problem or you solving the problem?
If I interpret correctly, what's more important to me is the problem is solved.
Okay.
So the first one in your emphasis.
Right. Now, you may have noticed that those words were exactly the same.
Yes.
Right? It's an ambiguous statement around what is the important principle.
And so I think one of the things that leaders in this space need to do
is don't leave it up to interpretation as to from that statement what is the order
of importance of the principles. One of the problems when I, for example, one of the
problems I have with people who come aboard and join my team, my team operates as a mini
community. And what is a community? Community is what I think of community. It is a vehicle
to scale knowledge sharing. I don't care. Like some people may think, hey, a community is
getting people together. Let's talk stuff. But if you're doing that and it's not a
vehicle for knowledge sharing, I did. Sure. By the definition, it may be a community, but
it's useless to me. And there's a new kid that's been on my team for about six months.
And he's got signs that what I've been trying to get him to do and what I'm trying to get
him to understand has finally clicked. And now shit's happening and it's love it.
But I'm like, look, dude, you need to have faith in the rest of your teammates. They're not here
to compete with you. They're here to help you succeed. Trust me. Try it out. Because there's the
That sounds so un-Microsoft.
I know. It's actually one of my success, sadly, successful strategies to keep people on my team.
Because we operate a different way and they know that they give it up if they leave.
But he repeatedly would show up in retrospective. And one of the things that we talk about in
retrospective, we will go, what was the latest ticket? What ticket took the most calendar time?
And that's the one we always talk about. And for like two months in a row, it was him.
He got tired of it. And then in retrospective, we were like, yeah, you could have cut this
ticket in half if you just went over and asked that person, how do you do this?
Yeah, I even have a without naming any names. One of the one of my teams as a little bit of
all by myself syndrome. That's what the problem was when you started. So I can do it.
So it's a critical. It's a it's a everything's critical. It's an important component that the
whole company will use. And the team, for some legitimate reasons, and many non legitimate reasons,
did a lot of things by themselves instead of leveraging the community of the company around
them to help them. And it slowed them down. Things are back on track. Wasn't a horrible leap in the
wrong direction. But you have to leverage those around you. They got a little stuck in a. It's
a long story. I thought I won't share any details, but I'll just let that out.
I like the definition of community and I want to touch on your so a feeling of fellowship with
others as a result of sharing common attitudes, interests and goals. That's off of Webster. And
what I think you want from the community, which is I want to is we want people who leverage the
power of that. Yes. And many people are and what Tony talks about people that are there's
that community is there that that textbook definition there, but they don't really care
about leveraging the power of that community. And I think in knowledge work, you have to leverage
the power of your community. If you are not learning constantly in your role, perhaps you are
doing the wrong thing. Yeah, I'm going to just say just two points quick and then I'll let you
have the final word. Sure, you will. All right. Number one, and when you start with this, it's
going to be a spider thing for sure. Right? Because what you have to do is change people's
behavior and they're not going to do it naturally. You have to gently guide the expected behavior,
which means you be proactive and clear on the principles and what you're looking to see.
And you incentivize it. Now, incentivization doesn't mean you give bonuses for people who
share because you're going to get the wrong behavior then. But praise goes a long way.
The second thing, as a leader, so I've been doing this for a long time. So I know how to
get new ideas, right? We've quoted Johnson repeatedly. New ideas come from old ideas
getting together. This is, in addition to knowledge sharing, this is a huge value out
in community. But brainstorming of this sort in a community fashion is not second nature to most
people. While we're on Johnson, there's a relevant quote here from the same book. Chance favors
the connected mind. For sure. And just like shivers and that's like I want to make a poster.
This is why community is important. Chance favors the connected mind. So one of the things
there's one of my very favorite techniques on this that I've blogged on
was the speed dating process. Right? You basically look in and this helps the
introverts. Like you like, okay, you got two problems. I'm not going to describe it here.
We're almost out of time. Find my blog post. Maybe Alan will remember and link to it.
Probably not. But here's an example that I went through just yesterday, two days ago.
I have a problem. I know how to solve it. But I went and had lunch with a peer of mine
who I know is somewhat connected to it. And I said, hey, how would you solve it?
Now, one of the things, there's a lot of talent in all of these companies. But there's this
phenomenon that's true for everybody. If the only tool you know how to use is a hammer,
every problem is going to look like a nail. Now, another way of saying that, that's probably
more positive, is you're going to solve the problems with the tools you know how to use.
That doesn't mean it's the only way to solve the problem. So I asked him his solution and he said,
oh, I would do this, this, and that, and this. And I look back and I'm like, oh my god, your
solution not only would solve my problem in about half the time, I would be able to add
these additional experiences. That's way better. A simple community kick starting type of thing
on this front would be get people together, form them into the roundtables, and say, I want you
guys, here's a big problem. How would you guys solve the problem? How would you guys solve the
problem? How would you guys solve this problem? Force them to work together towards a common
goal. And they're going to connect the dots within that little table. And then when you
tell them to present outwards, a bigger, better solution is going to become clear.
Which is interesting. You mentioned that because one thing I saw at Microsoft frequently was the
opposite of that. They would charter three different teams with solving the same problem
and have them compete against each other to see which one could solve it better.
And I believe that this solution you just described would, in hindsight for many of us,
been a much better solution. I do want to cover at least one sentence. I think it's very important
from Tony's question. It's really not even the question part. A lot of talk on the podcast about
starting a community for testers and testers not having to report to a tester for a manager.
While I do have people in my, I have leads in my org who currently work for,
directly for development directors. Very shortly I will have some individual contributors on my team
move to work directly for development leads. But you and I both watched at Microsoft. Most teams,
most teams did this combined engineering thing, not unified combined. And it didn't go smoothly.
Eventually it ironed out. But they didn't go smoothly because the support and infrastructure
and community wasn't there to support this. What I think is really important is I fully believe that
Well, not only that, even in-house leadership wasn't there to support it.
So I fully believe that the most efficient way to make software is to not only not have an
independent test team, but to not have a specific person assigned to doing only testing. That person
ends up being a bottleneck. I fully subscribe to the theory of constraints. And I believe in the
test and quality specialist on the team, just as you'd have any other sort of specialist,
they're going to pick up more of those tasks, but they're also going to make everyone around
them better testers just as a perf expert or a database expert would do for their feature team.
That requires building a community that not only includes a supportive and self-sustaining
community that not only includes or largely self-sustaining, not only includes the testing
and quality experts, but the development team and the management and the leadership of that team.
You know what the key difference actually, the key difference between a combined
engineering and unified engineering. What is it? Is it a team of specialists or is it a team of
T-shaped? Very much could be. I like that. So the T-shaped persona, you can look it up.
We've talked about it before. Lost track of where I was, but you only, I will only move
people to move to work for directly for dev leads when the community, the community leadership,
the whole infrastructure, the community of community supports it. Even so, I would expect
me at some point to get to a place in my career at unity when I have nobody reporting directly to
me as far as the HR solid line show, but I will still run that community for some time.
It's a very gradual process. Like right now it's a process in transition. It will take me
a shorter time in some groups and a longer time in some groups, but I can definitely see a place
somewhere down the line, not even going to put a time limit on it, when I could have people
work, everyone working for the dev leads. And even at that point, I think there's still some
work for me to do to slowly back off on my involvement in making that community run.
I think I love a line from Brent. Sometimes he's going to rip off the band-aid, but be careful
because sometimes it's a tourniquet. And I think a gradual withdrawal as I watch and make sure
the community is going to self-sustain and when it's not dive back in and make sure it is and
do a little bit of that bouncing, a little yo-yoing in until I'm positive that community
is self-sustaining. And at that point, maybe I'm also transitioning and doing something else
at Unity. Things change so fast, I'm sure there will be, if my boss is listening, a role for me.
There's another great quote on that in that, hire the people that automate their job away
and then give them another job. It's well known. And just connecting the dots from the podcast,
I now actually realize with greater clarity, we've always agreed that this is what you're doing
and we don't know the timeline. But now with greater clarity, I understand what you're doing.
You are using your position as the head of the spider to turn this organ into a starfish.
Sure. That's 100% what you're doing. It is crystal clear in my mind now.
I'm doing a biology experiment. So the point I want to make clear to Tony and anyone else
listening, thinking about, oh, A, B testing says, and modern testing says we should have all of our
testers report to development leads. While true, kind of, only make that change when the community
and the leadership and when the organization is ready for that. And your job as a leader
is to help make the team ready for that and be successful in doing that.
I love this metaphor. I'm sorry, because I now actually realize the problem with even greater
clarity, because if you're busy trying to remove the head and transform into a starfish,
it does not help your, your, we'll call it legs. If they move from you to a new spider.
Yes. So I think we're going to dive into this a little bit more.
Send us some questions on Twitter, Alan Page or Brent M Jensen, or comment to on the blog post
website or join our Slack channel, one of the three dot slack.com and we'll answer your questions.
We got to wrap it up. Thank you for listening. Once again, I'm Alan.
I'm Brett and we'll see you next time.